but it came to pass when all the people
but it came to pass when all the people had completely crossed over the Jordan
had completely crossed over the Jordan
had completely crossed over the Jordan that the Lord spoke to Joshua take for
that the Lord spoke to Joshua take for
that the Lord spoke to Joshua take for yourselves 12 men from the people one
yourselves 12 men from the people one
yourselves 12 men from the people one man from every tribe and command then
man from every tribe and command then
man from every tribe and command then saying take for yourselves twelve stones
saying take for yourselves twelve stones
saying take for yourselves twelve stones from here out of the midst of the Jordan
from here out of the midst of the Jordan
from here out of the midst of the Jordan from the place where the priests feet
from the place where the priests feet
from the place where the priests feet stood firm you shall carry them over
stood firm you shall carry them over
stood firm you shall carry them over with you and leave them in the lodging
with you and leave them in the lodging
with you and leave them in the lodging place where you Lodge tonight
place where you Lodge tonight
place where you Lodge tonight then Joshua called the twelve men whom
then Joshua called the twelve men whom
then Joshua called the twelve men whom he had appointed from the children of
he had appointed from the children of
he had appointed from the children of Israel one man from every tribe and
Israel one man from every tribe and
Israel one man from every tribe and Joshua said to them cross over before
Joshua said to them cross over before
Joshua said to them cross over before the Ark of the Lord your God into the
the Ark of the Lord your God into the
the Ark of the Lord your God into the midst of the Jordan and each one of you
midst of the Jordan and each one of you
midst of the Jordan and each one of you take up a stone on his shoulder
take up a stone on his shoulder
take up a stone on his shoulder according to the number of the tribes of
according to the number of the tribes of
according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel that this may be
the children of Israel that this may be
the children of Israel that this may be a sign among you when your children ask
a sign among you when your children ask
a sign among you when your children ask in time to come saying what do these
in time to come saying what do these
in time to come saying what do these stones mean to you then you shall answer
stones mean to you then you shall answer
stones mean to you then you shall answer them
them
them that the waters of the Jordan were cut
that the waters of the Jordan were cut
that the waters of the Jordan were cut off before the Ark of the Covenant of
off before the Ark of the Covenant of
off before the Ark of the Covenant of the board when it crossed over the
the board when it crossed over the
the board when it crossed over the Jordan the waters of the Jordan were cut
Jordan the waters of the Jordan were cut
Jordan the waters of the Jordan were cut off and these stones shall be for a
off and these stones shall be for a
off and these stones shall be for a memorial to the children of Israel
memorial to the children of Israel
memorial to the children of Israel forever and the children of Israel did
forever and the children of Israel did
forever and the children of Israel did sin just as Joshua commanded and took up
sin just as Joshua commanded and took up
sin just as Joshua commanded and took up twelve stones from the midst of the
twelve stones from the midst of the
twelve stones from the midst of the Jordan as the Lord had spoken to Joshua
Jordan as the Lord had spoken to Joshua
Jordan as the Lord had spoken to Joshua according to the number of the tribes of
according to the number of the tribes of
according to the number of the tribes of the children of Israel and carried them
the children of Israel and carried them
the children of Israel and carried them over with them to the place where they
over with them to the place where they
over with them to the place where they launched and laid them down there then
launched and laid them down there then
launched and laid them down there then Joshua set up twelve stones in the midst
Joshua set up twelve stones in the midst
Joshua set up twelve stones in the midst of the Jordan in the place where the
of the Jordan in the place where the
of the Jordan in the place where the feet of the priest who bore the Ark of
feet of the priest who bore the Ark of
feet of the priest who bore the Ark of the Covenant stood and they are there to
the Covenant stood and they are there to
the Covenant stood and they are there to this day so a priest who bore the Ark
this day so a priest who bore the Ark
this day so a priest who bore the Ark stood in the midst of the Jordan until
stood in the midst of the Jordan until
stood in the midst of the Jordan until everything was finished that the Lord
everything was finished that the Lord
everything was finished that the Lord had commanded Joshua to speak to the
had commanded Joshua to speak to the
had commanded Joshua to speak to the people according to all that Moses had
people according to all that Moses had
people according to all that Moses had commanded Joshua
commanded Joshua
commanded Joshua and the people how did and crossed over
and the people how did and crossed over
and the people how did and crossed over then it came to pass when all the people
then it came to pass when all the people
then it came to pass when all the people had completely crossed over that the Ark
had completely crossed over that the Ark
had completely crossed over that the Ark of the Lord and the priests frost early
of the Lord and the priests frost early
of the Lord and the priests frost early in the presence of the pineal and the
in the presence of the pineal and the
in the presence of the pineal and the men of Reuben the man of God and half
men of Reuben the man of God and half
men of Reuben the man of God and half the tribe of manasseh crossed over armed
the tribe of manasseh crossed over armed
the tribe of manasseh crossed over armed before the children of Israel as Moses
before the children of Israel as Moses
before the children of Israel as Moses had spoken to about forty thousand
had spoken to about forty thousand
had spoken to about forty thousand prepared for war crossed over before the
prepared for war crossed over before the
prepared for war crossed over before the Lord for battle to the plains of Jericho
Lord for battle to the plains of Jericho
Lord for battle to the plains of Jericho on that day the Lord exalted Joshua in
on that day the Lord exalted Joshua in
on that day the Lord exalted Joshua in the sight of all Israel and they feared
the sight of all Israel and they feared
the sight of all Israel and they feared him as they had feared Moses all the
him as they had feared Moses all the
him as they had feared Moses all the days of his life then the Lord spoke to
days of his life then the Lord spoke to
days of his life then the Lord spoke to Joshua command the priests who bear the
Joshua command the priests who bear the
Joshua command the priests who bear the ark of the testimony to come up from the
ark of the testimony to come up from the
ark of the testimony to come up from the Jordan Joshua therefore commanded the
Jordan Joshua therefore commanded the
Jordan Joshua therefore commanded the priests come up from the Jordan and it
priests come up from the Jordan and it
priests come up from the Jordan and it came to pass when the priests who bore
came to pass when the priests who bore
came to pass when the priests who bore the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord had
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord had
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord had come from the midst of the Jordan and
come from the midst of the Jordan and
come from the midst of the Jordan and the souls of the priests feet touched
the souls of the priests feet touched
the souls of the priests feet touched the dry land that the waters of the
the dry land that the waters of the
the dry land that the waters of the Jordan returned to their place
how the people came out from the Jordan
how the people came out from the Jordan on the tenth day of the first month and
on the tenth day of the first month and
on the tenth day of the first month and they camped in Gilgal on the East border
they camped in Gilgal on the East border
they camped in Gilgal on the East border of Jericho
of Jericho
of Jericho and those twelve stones which they took
and those twelve stones which they took
and those twelve stones which they took out of the Jordan
out of the Jordan
out of the Jordan Joshua set up in Gilgal then he spoke to
Joshua set up in Gilgal then he spoke to
Joshua set up in Gilgal then he spoke to the children of Israel when your
the children of Israel when your
the children of Israel when your children ask their fathers and time to
children ask their fathers and time to
children ask their fathers and time to come saying what are these stones then
come saying what are these stones then
come saying what are these stones then you shall let your children know saying
you shall let your children know saying
you shall let your children know saying Israel crossed over this Jordan on dry
Israel crossed over this Jordan on dry
Israel crossed over this Jordan on dry land for the Lord your God dried up the
land for the Lord your God dried up the
land for the Lord your God dried up the waters of the Jordan before you until
waters of the Jordan before you until
waters of the Jordan before you until you had crossed over as the Lord your
you had crossed over as the Lord your
you had crossed over as the Lord your God did to the Red Sea which he dried up
God did to the Red Sea which he dried up
God did to the Red Sea which he dried up before us until we had crossed over that
before us until we had crossed over that
before us until we had crossed over that all the peoples of the earth may know
all the peoples of the earth may know
all the peoples of the earth may know the hand of the Lord that it is mighty
the hand of the Lord that it is mighty
the hand of the Lord that it is mighty that you may fear the Lord your God
that you may fear the Lord your God
that you may fear the Lord your God forever
forever
forever you
you
you [Music]